matteMetalLight = Air Force blue (RAF)
matteMetalMedium = "New Bridge" color (Shinbashi-iro)
matteMetalDark = Charcoal
matteMetalDarker = Gunmetal
shinyMetalLight = Aluminum foil
shinyMetalMedium = Iron
shinyMetalDark = American gold
shinyMetalDarker = Gold
matteCompositeLight = Aero blue
matteCompositeMedium = Bubble gum
matteCompositeDark = Buff
matteCompositeDarker = Bud green
shinyCompositeLight = Alabaster
shinyCompositeMedium = Aquamarine
shinyCompositeDark = Aqua
shinyCompositeDarker = Apple
frostedGlassLight = 112,140,152,150
frostedGlassMedium = 112,140,152,160
frostedGlassDark = 112,140,152,170
frostedGlassDarker = 0,140,255,190
clearGlassLight = 0,140,255,100
clearGlassMedium = 0,140,255,130
clearGlassDark = 0,140,255,160
clearGlassDarker = 0,140,255,190